README.md, before:

# NOTE: 
This repo is in developement and therefore this project is currently not made to be cloned as well as the readme is a culmination of notekeeping and thought process

### Useful Routing Problem Links
#
[Python Example](https://github.com/angeris/cfmm-routing-code/tree/master)\
[Paper](https://angeris.github.io/papers/cfmm-routing.pdf)\
[Julia Example](https://bcc-research.github.io/CFMMRouter.jl/dev/)

### YUL Hacks
#
[Advanced Solidity](https://github.com/androlo/solidity-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/2016-03-09-advanced-solidity-I.md)
### To Do
#
- [X] Understand Price Vector
- [ ] Async dex data aggregator
- [ ] Flashbots/Private Node 
- [ ] `JUMPI` for execution path instead of `switch selector`
- [ ] Golfed swap code
- [X] Return multiple tokens flashloan code

### Building Call Data
**Initiate Falshloan Calldata**

    0x7b5C526B7F8dfdff278b4a3e045083FBA4028790
    0x0      0xab9c4b5d
    0x0      000000000000000000000000[9d7f74d0c41e726ec95884e0e97fa6129e3b5e99]      Receiver
    0x20     00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000e0        Token Array Location
    0x40     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000120        Amounts Array Location
    0x60     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000160        Modes Array Location
    0x80     000000000000000000000000[9d7f74d0c41e726ec95884e0e97fa6129e3b5e99]      OnBehalfOf
    0xA0     00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001a0        Params Location
    0xC0     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Referral Code

    0xE0     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Token Array Length
    0x100    00000000000000000000000065afadd39029741b3b8f0756952c74678c9cec93        Token[0]
    0x120    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Amounts Array length
    0x140    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000989680        Amount[0]
    0x160    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Modes Array Length
    0x180    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Modes[0]
    0x1A0    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Params

    Amounts Array Location = Token Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Token Array Length)]
    Modes Array Location = Amounts Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Amounts Array Length)]
    Params Location = Modes Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Modes Array Length)]

### Helpful Testing links
[Alchemy Faucet](https://goerlifaucet.com/)\
[Quicknode Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/ethereum/goerli/?transactionHash=0xda0fd34031eb81579af97ac7858fac659b88c791e87261fff2dec35188ad6b2f)\
[Ethereum Gas Opcodes](https://github.com/wolflo/evm-opcodes/tree/main)\
[Decompile Contracts](https://ethervm.io/decompile)\
[Gas Savings Tips](https://hackmd.io/@gn56kcRBQc6mOi7LCgbv1g/rJez8O8st)\
[SStore 2](https://github.com/0xsequence/sstore2)\
[Is Zero Gas Savings](https://twitter.com/transmissions11/status/1474465495243898885)\
[Sandwich Bot](https://github.com/libevm/subway/blob/master/contracts/src/Sandwich.sol)\
[Get Amount Out](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D#readContract)\
[Get Pair](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x5C69bEe701ef814a2B6a3EDD4B1652CB9cc5aA6f#readContract)\
[Flashloan Pool](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7b5C526B7F8dfdff278b4a3e045083FBA4028790#readProxyContract)\
[TEST](https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0x9b076a762acd75e5a2f8f15984fa2acb6bc11a0c211e14aa84f4f5ed6a42fba7)\
[Uniswap Deployment Addresses](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v3/reference/deployments)\
[Defi liq. Monotoring](https://medium.com/intotheblock/a-practical-guide-to-monitoring-liquidation-risk-in-defi-lending-protocols-aae26c95e3b8)

[CFMM zero to one](https://medium.com/bollinger-investment-group/constant-function-market-makers-defis-zero-to-one-innovation-968f77022159)\
[L1 L2 Hueristics](https://web.stanford.edu/class/ee364b/lectures/l1_slides.pdf)\
[CFMM Routing](https://angeris.github.io/papers/cfmm-routing.pdf)\
[Julia Routing Library](https://bcc-research.github.io/CFMMRouter.jl/dev/examples/arbitrage/)\
[Python Routing Example - angeris](https://github.com/angeris/cfmm-routing-code/tree/master)\
[Flashbots Convex Opt.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9liLt12jN8)\
[Python CFMM Example](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/noxx3xxon/11fd224d7b99b78ee1e4a914bf0cbd22/raw/376a854183d4f2fc27e06058cfda2c5ea8e32efc/arbitrage.py)\
[Mathmatical Opt. DEXs](https://noxx.substack.com/p/dex-arbitrage-mathematical-optimisations)\

[All about Assembly](https://jeancvllr.medium.com/solidity-tutorial-all-about-assembly-5acdfefde05c)\
[All amout Memory](https://betterprogramming.pub/solidity-tutorial-all-about-memory-1e1696d71ee4)\
[All about Calldata](https://betterprogramming.pub/solidity-tutorial-all-about-calldata-aebbe998a5fc)\
[Deconstructing Sol Contract](https://medium.com/zeppelin-blog/deconstructing-a-solidity-contract-part-vi-the-swarm-hash-70f069e22aef)\
[Hashing Strings](https://medium.com/@kalexotsu/understanding-solidity-assembly-hashing-a-string-from-calldata-fbd2ece82263)\

[First Key to building MEV bots](https://medium.com/@solidquant/first-key-to-building-mev-bots-your-simulation-engine-c9c0420d2e1)\
[MEV Arb Bot](https://github.com/solidquant/whack-a-mole/tree/examples/strategy/dex_arb_base/data)\
[How I built an arb bot](https://medium.com/@solidquant/how-i-built-my-first-mev-arbitrage-bot-introducing-whack-a-mole-66d91657152e)\

### Ideas 
[Zero MEV](https://info.zeromev.org/terms#toxic-arbitrage)\
1. Create the oppotunity by looking through the mempool and building a bundle that creates a larger arb opportunity

Commit message:

integrate streams and CFMM Opt

README.md, after:

# 0xpastaman-bot Overview
The goal of this project was to better understand the world of MEV specific arbitrage. This bot is not made to be put into production and compete in Arb opportunities. 

Now that we are past a disclaimer, lets get into it. This bot focuses on off-chain simulation for uniswap_v2 specifically solving the convex optimization problem of CFMMs. In order to compute if there is an opportunity two streams are set up, a `TokenStream` and a `DexStream`, on a sub-process. Every time the reserve data is updated, i.e. `'Sync(uint112,uint112)'` event is detected, the main process computes if there is an opportunity.

### Current Vunerablities
The bot currently does not take into account "poison tokens." Currently the transaction profit is not simulated on chain and therefore the bot risks submitting transactions to the network that will not be or were never valid. This can be fixed with the flashbots code by only calling `coinbase.transer` if the transaction was profitable and everything succeeded. 
### Future Work and Next Steps
The bot currently does not scrape/listen to the mempool for DEX's/Tokens to add to the `DexStream` and `TokenStream`. The goal is to instead of using Coinbase API to get the token prices use CoinGeckoAPI as you can send the token address rather that the Ticker Symbol of the token. This will be more effecient and allow for the ability to get DEXs and tokens based on addresses rather than keeping a database to switch. If we are to use the CoinGeckoAPI although it would allow a for use to get price data based on `address` we would need to poll for the data. Best way to do that is instead of set up a stream, every time reserves are updated we quickly request for all token prices async. If I go ahead with this I can turn the token stream into the Mempool stream. 

The issue with not constantly checking the price is that arbs can be created from a change in reserve amount on a dex but also a change in the token price on a CEX. By only getting price data when reserves changes we miss an opportunity. 

### Current implemenation 
Pools are required to be build by the user. This is not scalable and as more code is added this will be fixed. The currently contract implementation is only golfed AAVE flashloan calls. Uniswap FlashCall is also another option. 
# NOTES: 
This repo is in developement and therefore this project is currently not made to be cloned as well as the readme is a culmination of notekeeping and thought process. 

### Useful Routing Problem Links
#
[Python Example](https://github.com/angeris/cfmm-routing-code/tree/master)\
[Paper](https://angeris.github.io/papers/cfmm-routing.pdf)\
[Julia Example](https://bcc-research.github.io/CFMMRouter.jl/dev/)

### YUL Hacks
#
[Advanced Solidity](https://github.com/androlo/solidity-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/2016-03-09-advanced-solidity-I.md)
### To Do

- [ ] Flashbots/submit to builder 
- [ ] Successful submission to flashbots only if the opportunity is profitable (costs more gas)
- [ ] `JUMPI` for execution path instead of `switch selector`
- [ ] Golfed swap code
- [ ] A way to save the swap code calldata for when the contract is called back `sstore2` Lib

### Building Call Data
**Initiate Falshloan Calldata**

    0x7b5C526B7F8dfdff278b4a3e045083FBA4028790
    0x0      0xab9c4b5d
    0x0      000000000000000000000000[9d7f74d0c41e726ec95884e0e97fa6129e3b5e99]      Receiver
    0x20     00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000e0        Token Array Location
    0x40     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000120        Amounts Array Location
    0x60     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000160        Modes Array Location
    0x80     000000000000000000000000[9d7f74d0c41e726ec95884e0e97fa6129e3b5e99]      OnBehalfOf
    0xA0     00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001a0        Params Location
    0xC0     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Referral Code

    0xE0     0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Token Array Length
    0x100    00000000000000000000000065afadd39029741b3b8f0756952c74678c9cec93        Token[0]
    0x120    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Amounts Array length
    0x140    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000989680        Amount[0]
    0x160    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001        Modes Array Length
    0x180    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Modes[0]
    0x1A0    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000        Params

    Amounts Array Location = Token Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Token Array Length)]
    Modes Array Location = Amounts Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Amounts Array Length)]
    Params Location = Modes Array Location + [0x20 + 0x20 * (Modes Array Length)]

### Helpful Testing links
[Alchemy Faucet](https://goerlifaucet.com/)\
[Quicknode Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/ethereum/goerli/?transactionHash=0xda0fd34031eb81579af97ac7858fac659b88c791e87261fff2dec35188ad6b2f)\
[Ethereum Gas Opcodes](https://github.com/wolflo/evm-opcodes/tree/main)\
[Decompile Contracts](https://ethervm.io/decompile)\
[Gas Savings Tips](https://hackmd.io/@gn56kcRBQc6mOi7LCgbv1g/rJez8O8st)\
[SStore 2](https://github.com/0xsequence/sstore2)\
[Is Zero Gas Savings](https://twitter.com/transmissions11/status/1474465495243898885)\
[Sandwich Bot](https://github.com/libevm/subway/blob/master/contracts/src/Sandwich.sol)\
[Get Amount Out](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D#readContract)\
[Get Pair](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x5C69bEe701ef814a2B6a3EDD4B1652CB9cc5aA6f#readContract)\
[Flashloan Pool](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7b5C526B7F8dfdff278b4a3e045083FBA4028790#readProxyContract)\
[TEST](https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0x9b076a762acd75e5a2f8f15984fa2acb6bc11a0c211e14aa84f4f5ed6a42fba7)\
[Uniswap Deployment Addresses](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v3/reference/deployments)\
[Defi liq. Monotoring](https://medium.com/intotheblock/a-practical-guide-to-monitoring-liquidation-risk-in-defi-lending-protocols-aae26c95e3b8)

[CFMM zero to one](https://medium.com/bollinger-investment-group/constant-function-market-makers-defis-zero-to-one-innovation-968f77022159)\
[L1 L2 Hueristics](https://web.stanford.edu/class/ee364b/lectures/l1_slides.pdf)\
[CFMM Routing](https://angeris.github.io/papers/cfmm-routing.pdf)\
[Julia Routing Library](https://bcc-research.github.io/CFMMRouter.jl/dev/examples/arbitrage/)\
[Python Routing Example - angeris](https://github.com/angeris/cfmm-routing-code/tree/master)\
[Flashbots Convex Opt.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9liLt12jN8)\
[Python CFMM Example](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/noxx3xxon/11fd224d7b99b78ee1e4a914bf0cbd22/raw/376a854183d4f2fc27e06058cfda2c5ea8e32efc/arbitrage.py)\
[Mathmatical Opt. DEXs](https://noxx.substack.com/p/dex-arbitrage-mathematical-optimisations)\

[All about Assembly](https://jeancvllr.medium.com/solidity-tutorial-all-about-assembly-5acdfefde05c)\
[All amout Memory](https://betterprogramming.pub/solidity-tutorial-all-about-memory-1e1696d71ee4)\
[All about Calldata](https://betterprogramming.pub/solidity-tutorial-all-about-calldata-aebbe998a5fc)\
[Deconstructing Sol Contract](https://medium.com/zeppelin-blog/deconstructing-a-solidity-contract-part-vi-the-swarm-hash-70f069e22aef)\
[Hashing Strings](https://medium.com/@kalexotsu/understanding-solidity-assembly-hashing-a-string-from-calldata-fbd2ece82263)\

[First Key to building MEV bots](https://medium.com/@solidquant/first-key-to-building-mev-bots-your-simulation-engine-c9c0420d2e1)\
[MEV Arb Bot](https://github.com/solidquant/whack-a-mole/tree/examples/strategy/dex_arb_base/data)\
[How I built an arb bot](https://medium.com/@solidquant/how-i-built-my-first-mev-arbitrage-bot-introducing-whack-a-mole-66d91657152e)\

### Ideas 
[Zero MEV](https://info.zeromev.org/terms#toxic-arbitrage)\
1. Create the oppotunity by looking through the mempool and building a bundle that creates a larger arb opportunity
